Goal: Upgrade all dependencies to a recent stable version.

Sub goal 1: Upgrade next to version 16.

    Task 1: Changed the package.json, install newer packages and run locally in dev.
        
        Problem 1: npx prisma generate causing problem.
        Temporary Solution: Comment out prisma generate. 
            Why: Will take care of it, when start working with DB in conjunction, will have to setup entire thing locally and overcomplicate stuff.

        Problem 2: I am using webpack to handle svg in my next version 14. In version 16 turbopack is the default one so my svg config is redundant.
        Solution 1: Add flag to use webpack. 
            Cons: In future, webpack will be completely redundant so this might be useless.
        Solution 2: Install another package for handling svg.
            Cons: Another dependency.
        Solution 3: Next v16 handles SVG out of the box.
            Cons: Might cause something unexpected.
        Final Verdict: Will go with solution 3, if there will be any issues with svg, will install "next-svgr" package for handline svg (Solution 2).

        Status here: It is running, but homepage is giving error because of tailwind configuration.

        Problem 3: Tailwind configuration error. 
        Error Message: Error: It looks like you're trying to use `tailwindcss` directly as a PostCSS plugin. The PostCSS plugin has moved to a separate package, so to continue using Tailwind CSS with PostCSS you'll need to install `@tailwindcss/postcss` and update your PostCSS configuration.
        Fix: Changed postcss.config.mjs file. Then changed the imports in global.css according to the tailwind version 4 specifications.

        Problem 4: Next 16 doesn't support svg out of the box as stated by GPT. I am installing svgr now.
        Fix: svgr installation and followed documentation specification.

    Final Verdict: Task 1 accomplished, but there are more issues.
        1. SVGs are not working as expected. Might need to change them entirely.
        2. Tailwind classes didn't get applied as expected. Likely there is more configuration to be done than suggested by GPT.

   



## Reminders
- Put prisma generate back.